log-type: Error-Error-Critial
log-type: Info-Error-Warning
log-type: Warning-Error-Error
log-type: Critial-Error-Warning
log-type: Info-Error-Critial
log-type: Warning-Error-Error
log-type: Info-Error-Error
log-type: Error-Error-Warning
log-type: Critial-Error-Info
log-type: Error-Error-Warning
log-type: Warning-Error-Info
log-type: Info-Error-Error
log-type: Critial-Error-Critial
log-type: Info-Error-Critial
log-type: Info-Error-Critial
log-type: Critial-Error-Warning
log-type: Info-Error-Warning
log-type: Warning-Error-Info
log-type: Critial-Error-Info
log-type: Warning-Error-Warning
log-type: Info-Error-Info
log-type: Info-Error-Critial
log-type: Info-Error-Info
log-type: Error-Error-Info
log-type: Info-Error-Info
log-type: Warning-Error-Warning
log-type: Warning-Error-Warning
log-type: Warning-Error-Info
log-type: Critial-Error-Critial
log-type: Error-Error-Info
log-type: Warning-Error-Info
log-type: Critial-Error-Critial
log-type: Warning-Error-Info
log-type: Info-Error-Critial
log-type: Critial-Error-Warning
log-type: Error-Error-Warning
log-type: Info-Error-Error
log-type: Info-Info-Info
log-type: Info-Critial-Error
log-type: Info-Info-Info
log-type: Info-Warning-Warning
log-type: Info-Info-Info
log-type: Info-Critial-Critial
log-type: Info-Info-Error
log-type: Info-Info-Info
log-type: Info-Error-Critial
log-type: Info-Error-Info
log-type: Info-Info-Info
log-type: Info-Warning-Warning
